Problem Defenitoin: The problem to solve in the project is to create a program
that will allow the user to input any date they wish into the program and the
program will then calculate the specific day of the week of the particluar
date that was input. The code for this program would have to ask the user to
input the date from the keyboard and split the string into its different
sections then calculate the date.

Specification: The input would be one string representing a date in the format 
month day, year from the keyboard. The output is one string output to the 
screen representing he input day with the actual day of the week converted in 
the format dayOfweek, month day, year.

Algorithm: First step is to declare the input date and prompt the user to
input the date they want from the keyboard. Next you would make the string all
lower case using .toLowerCase, and truncate off the first letter. Make the
first letter upper case by using .toUpperCase and glue it back to the string.
Next you have to seperate the string into month, day, and year. Then take day
and year and convert both strings to type int using Integer.parseInt(). Now
you have to use Zellers congruence to calculate the day of the week. Declare
the 4 variables that you will use in the formula then declare the formula.
After that create an if statement that assigns a number to each month (January
= 13, February = 14). And for Jan and Feb you have to subtract one from K so
it correctly calculate for years like 1800, 1900, and 2000. Once all that is
done you can create one System.out.println line to show the converted date to
the screen.
